Hi! New tutorial on this gold copper look using the Nabla Cosmetics eyeshadows
Apply a base to the lid for a long lasting make up
Apply a matt brown to the crease and blend well
Camelot is the perfect neutral brown, perfect with every shades
Add product to intensify the crease and blend
Use a clean blending brush to blend well the eyeshadow
Apply a gold from the inner corner to the half lid
Apply a pigmented copper to the rest of the lid
Apply a shimmered brown to the outer corner
Apply an olive green along the lower lash line
Clean the brow bone with an ivory color
Apply a light shimmered color to the inner corner
Apply a black pencil on the waterline
And then create a thin line along the upper lash line with a liquid liner
Finally apply mascara to the lashes
And then apply curled false lashes if you want
Apply a soft blush on the cheeks
And for the lips I used a shimmered gloss
This is the complete look using Nabla products
You can find the products' list in the Infobox
Let me know if you like this look and thanks for watching
Bye! <3